# CodeIt
My application will serve the problem statement as follows  :
          For the effective prediction of a natural disaster, my application will be loaded with previously -occured disaster information. Suppose we are in Japan, scientists want to predict the occurence of a Tsunami. My application will use real-time satellite imagery, sensor networks and ML algorithm to compare the collected data with the feeded data. Any resemblance would result in an output showing the Percentage Probability of occurence of the Disaster. It would prove a boon to the concerned authorities and people of the prone areas to alert themselves.
        To prevent the loss of human lives during a Natural Disaster, I sincerely believe that People must be educated with reference to the disaster. My application will have built-in videos and information  ( no need of internet) on Disaster Management. It would be available in languages the people can understand. It will educate the people about how to tackle the Natural Disaster. Eg. In Kerela- Malayalam language ,whereas in Gujarat- Gujarati language, will be used.
         In the Rescue Camp, Management plays and important role. Collection of food , medicines, clothes,etc is crucial part. Through the use of GPS and ML-algorithm, I will introduce Optimal Route(OR) to deploy essential commodities to the affected area. A route which was optimal today may not be tomorrow ( eg. a landslide may occur). So, real time satellite imagery is required. 
         Inside  the base camp, my application will have a subprogram to track the consumption of essentials.It will use QR scanner to scan the QR code on the food or medicine boxes and will calculate the required data and display on the dashboard of the application .This information will be available to the people  outside the affected areas so that they can send the appropriate  amount of resources. This will prevent the scarcity of resources in the rescue camps. It will generate various messages to the contributor, on various stages of the item. For example, "Commodity recieved at Rescue Camp" , "Commodity utilized successfully. Thank you for helping us!".
      To facilitate communication between the two groups-Stranded People and Rescue team, my application will have Collective Data Interface(CDI)  which allows the data collected by one rescue member to share it to other members without internet. The rescue members will be in synchronisation using this technology. It will proceed by acting as both, a Host and a Router, and the software will enable transfer of messages between the groups. Drones will be used to obtain aerial images and help the rescue team. 
    People creating a havoc in the base camp is dangerous. It will reduce the efficiency of workers. To prevent this , my application will have Crowd Assistance Technology (CAT)to guide the people, eg. My app will display, "Green Rescue members correspond to Food Delivery, Brown members correspond to Security and Red+white correspond to Health service." It would be available to the user through an interface. This would also prevent long queues in the rescue camp.

